First question.
Who is your leader?
I'm telling you, you better cooperate
Otherwise, I'm going to use Soul Searchers
It's not that I don't say
Is our leader
A seal is etched on each of us
If I confess crucial information
Or you use Soul Searchers
I get a cold attack
Immediately die
How about Jin Xian's cunning Dong Yushen Senior Sister?
Shen Da caught a trash
He has the seal of cold poison on him
Can't say anything
And there's no way to use Soul Searchers
Then you are lurking near Gao Xiaoyun
Are you going to kill him?
You can nod or shake your head in response.
If the information you provide satisfies me
I will not only not kill you
It will also help you remove the cold poison from your body
You building people are so kind
Could it be that he killed me after the trial?
no choice
Just trust me.
Otherwise I will kill you now
Not to kill him
natucai
By kidnapping
Seems to have touched on key information
He couldn't answer.
What are you doing?
I have explained everything that should be explained
Don't go back on your word
What are you doing
The old lady is still here, don't you say
But this thing
You know everything.